# Competetive advantages and possible effects if the project fails

The implementation of a new system to the CMC will aim to improve efficiency and
reduce costs in areas of concern.

The system aims to improve the current call flow rate through the routing and
prioritizing of both incoming and outgoing calls. To do this, the system will
include a profiling tool that will match customers to suitable relationship
managers.

For the customers, the profiling tool will segment customers into social and
cultural segments based on postcodes and surnames. For the relationship managers,
a more detailed profile will be initiated on hiring through a 10-minute
questionnaire, this will be updated according to performance in sales and
customer service.

With the old system lacking in an efficient profiling tool, the customer to
relationship manager matches were often mismatched. With this new system, the
aim is to remain one step ahead of the customer and ensure a relationship
manager with the right skills and product knowledge is matched accordingly. This
is likely to increase the sales to calls ratio and improve overall employee
morale and efficiency.

With a profiling tool being used, the customer service aspect of the
relationship manager role is likely to also improve. With less time spent on
trying to determine the customer’s needs or desires, the relationship managers
can spend more time answering questions of concern or address any finer details
of the holiday packages being sold. This will increase sales and likely decrease
potential conflicts.

This will also allow the company to compile a more efficient and organized
client list. Which will enable the company to use the data in an aim to
understand the market and cater their packages towards trending locations or
common travel periods. With this data, the company can assess their clientele
and ensure their employees are trained accordingly. Through incorporation of an
interactive voice system that will allow customers to choose their reason for
calling, the system will be able to reroute the incoming call to an appropriate
relationship manager. This will assist in cost reduction as it saves on
workforce and time.

This new system will also improve the relationship that customers have with the
relationship managers. This means that the rapport building skills of the
employees will likely increase, which will improve customer interactions and
potential sales. With a higher customer satisfaction rate and customer service,
it will also enhance the company’s image. An enhanced company image will in turn
increase potential customers and potential sales. This image will also increase
marketing value through word of mouth which will possibly reduce costs spent on
advertising.

However, there is still potential for project failure. In this instance, project
failure would result in an increase of unsatisfied customers, lowered morale
amongst relationship managers and a negative impact on the company’s image.
Mismatched customers and relationship managers can result in a loss of sales and
a negative review from the customers. With an increase of mismatches or sales
loss, it can also lower morale and efficiency of relationship managers. This
will eventually affect the company’s sales and customer service image.
